semat/semat-1.md, before:

##Stakeholders
I think that the stakeholders in this situation are ourselves, since we are the ones getting the grade. We could also call Professor Edgington a stakeholder since he is judging the quality of our project. If the project goes as expected, there is potential for UConn Transportation to be a stakeholder along with the greater UConn community, as they are the ones that would use such an application.

###Recognized
- Stakeholder groups identified
- Key stakeholder groups represented
- Responsibilities defined

###Represented
- Responsibilities agreed
- Representatives authorized
- Way of working supported and respected

###Action Items
We should identify an approach for collaborating with Professor Edgington with regards to checking the status of our project and ensuring that we are on the right track.

##Opportunity
The deplorability of the current bus app is real.

###Identified
- Idea behind opportunity defined
- At least one investing stakeholder interested (our group)
- Other stakeholders identified (UConn Transportation, students, etc)

###Solution Needed
- Solution identified
- Problems and root causes identified
- Need for a solution confirmed
- At least one solution proposed

###Value Established
- Success criteria clear

### Action Items
We should seek to quantify the value of our app and better understand how it will impact the UConn community. I think we are all clear, however, that a successful outcome looks like an A on our transcripts.

##Software System
We should get moving on this...

###Architecture Selected
- Technologies selected
- Decisions on system organization made
- HW platforms identified

###Action Items
We really need to work through the first card and the second soon. Architectures need to be agreed on and we need to start building up proof of concept demonstrations of what we will eventually be trying to accomplish.

##Work
Currently we are planning, our resources have been focused on groundwork.

###Initiated
- Required result clear
- Initiator identified
- Priority clear

###Action Items
We need to better understand our resources and limitations. We've had some grand ideas, but we haven't fully accounted for how much time we are going to put into this project amidst our other classes, activities, etc. Once we have an effort commitment from everyone, we will be prepared to being building.

##Way of Working

###Principles Established
- Tool needs agreed
- Practice & tool constraints known

###Action Items
We need to establish which software development method we will use (agile, waterfall, etc).

##Team

###Seeded
- Mission defined
- Constraints known and defined
- Responsibilities outlined

###Formed
- Enough members recruited
- Roles understood
- Members introduced
- Communication mechanisms defined

###Action Items
We need to decide when we can meet routinely to discuss progress outside of class.

##Requirements

###Conceived
- Stakeholders agree system is to be produced
- Users identified
- Opportunity clear

###Bounded
- System purpose agreed
- System success clear
- Shared solution understanding exists
- Constraints identified and considered

###Action Items
Address conflicts that arise due to data and system configuration constraints.

Commit message:

Added remaining portions of first progress report

semat/semat-1.md, after:

#Overview
Our application idea is a mobile application on the Android platform for UConn’s Bus System. An app does currently exist, however the app has major flaws that we seek to correct. The main feature of this app will be a route search, which takes some location on campus and a desired destination as inputs and returns the most efficient route using UConn’s busses. The app may have other features as well depending on progression rates, like walking directions. Overall, the app will run more efficiently and crash less than the current one as well. Because we as students at very in-tune are the end-user, we are at a very advantageous position for selecting a development methodology. We are leaning towards using Agile development due to the closeness of our team, however we will decide definitely in the coming week after learning more about different methods in class.  

Currently we have ~30 lines of code written, most of it fetches data from the transportation database. We currently have 10 github commits for basic documentation, data fetching code, and this progress report.


#SEMAT

##Stakeholders
The stakeholders in this situation are ourselves, since we are the ones getting the grade. We could also call Professor Edgington a stakeholder since he is judging the quality of our project. If the project goes as expected, there is potential for UConn Transportation to be a stakeholder along with the greater UConn community, as they are the ones that would use such an application.

###Recognized
- Stakeholder groups identified
- Key stakeholder groups represented
- Responsibilities defined

###Represented
- Responsibilities agreed
- Representatives authorized
- Way of working supported and respected

###Action Items
We should identify an approach for collaborating with Professor Edgington with regards to checking the status of our project and ensuring that we are on the right track.

##Opportunity
The deplorability of the current bus app is real.

###Identified
- Idea behind opportunity defined
- At least one investing stakeholder interested (our group)
- Other stakeholders identified (UConn Transportation, students, etc)

###Solution Needed
- Solution identified
- Problems and root causes identified
- Need for a solution confirmed
- At least one solution proposed

###Value Established
- Success criteria clear

### Action Items
We should seek to quantify the value of our app and better understand how it will impact the UConn community. I think we are all clear, however, that a successful outcome looks like an A on our transcripts.

##Software System
We should get moving on this...

###Architecture Selected
- Technologies selected
- Decisions on system organization made
- HW platforms identified

###Action Items
We really need to work through the first card and the second soon. Architectures need to be agreed on and we need to start building up proof of concept demonstrations of what we will eventually be trying to accomplish.

##Work
Currently we are planning, our resources have been focused on groundwork.

###Initiated
- Required result clear
- Initiator identified
- Priority clear

###Action Items
We need to better understand our resources and limitations. We've had some grand ideas, but we haven't fully accounted for how much time we are going to put into this project amidst our other classes, activities, etc. Once we have an effort commitment from everyone, we will be prepared to being building.

##Way of Working

###Principles Established
- Tool needs agreed
- Practice & tool constraints known

###Action Items
We need to establish which software development method we will use (agile, waterfall, etc).

##Team

###Seeded
- Mission defined
- Constraints known and defined
- Responsibilities outlined

###Formed
- Enough members recruited
- Roles understood
- Members introduced
- Communication mechanisms defined

###Action Items
We need to decide when we can meet routinely to discuss progress outside of class.

##Requirements

###Conceived
- Stakeholders agree system is to be produced
- Users identified
- Opportunity clear

###Bounded
- System purpose agreed
- System success clear
- Shared solution understanding exists
- Constraints identified and considered

###Action Items
Address conflicts that arise due to data and system configuration constraints.
